docs(teams): revamp to include organizations (#300)
shorebirdtech/docs: src/content/docs/orgs.mdx

---
title: Organizations
description: Learn how to manage organizations in Shorebird
---

Shorebird's Pro tier unlocks new features for collaborating with your peers
including:

- Create unlimited organizations
- Add unlimited members to your organizations
- Manage roles for your organization members
- Add unlimited collaborators to an individual app

> - Manage roles for your app collaborators

Reviewer: I'm not sure what the proper grammatical term is for this, but I feel like "collaborating" and "create" should have the same verb form (either collaborate+create or collaborating+creating)

> - Create unlimited organizations
> - Add unlimited members to your organizations
> - Manage roles for your organization members
> - Add unlimited collaborators to an individual app
> - Manage roles for your app collaborators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Creating unlimited organizations
- Adding unlimited members to your organizations
- Managing roles for your organization members
- Adding unlimited collaborators to an individual app
- Managing roles for your app collaborators
```

Reviewer: Or:

```
Shorebird's Pro tier unlocks new features for collaborating with your peers. With the Shorebird Pro tier, you can:
```

## Organization Roles

Organization roles apply to all apps within the organization and can be managed
via the organization settings page in the Shorebird console.

If you have any questions about access control for your app, please do not
hesitate to reach out to contact@shorebird.dev.

### Organization Member

New members added to an organization are assigned the "Member" role by default.

Members can:

- Read information for all apps within the organization
- View collaborators on all apps within the organization
- Create releases and patches for all apps within the organization
- View insights for all apps within the organization

### Organization Admin

Organization Admins can:

- Do everything a Member can do
- Add and Remove Members for the organization
- Delete Apps within the organization
- Delete Releases within the organization

### Organization Owner

There is only one owner per organization (the person who created the
organization) and they have full control over the organization and all apps
within it.

The owner can:

- Do everything an Admin can do
- Manage the billing information for the organization

> If you need more control, consider our [enterprise plan](https://shorebird.dev/pricing).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need more control or custom roles, consider our [enterprise plan](https://shorebird.dev/pricing).
```

## Managing Collaborators

Per app collaborators can also be added and managed via the Shorebird console.
To add a collaborator, from your app's page:

1. Select the "Collaborators" tab.
2. Click "Add people".
3. Enter the email address of the person you would like to add as a
   collaborator.
   1. Note that the email address must be associated with an existing Shorebird
      account.
4. Click "Add Collaborator".

Existing collaborators can be removed by clicking the trash icon next to their
email address.

## Collaborator Roles

_Roles are per-app._ Each account can create Apps tied to that account. Once an
App is created, access to that app can be shared. If you have any questions
about access control for your app, please do not hesitate to reach out to

> contact@shorebird.dev.

Reviewer 2: This is old.

Collaborators are used for per-app access controls.  Typically used to provide someone temporary access to only one of your applications.

Collaborators allow you to provide access to one of your apps without granting someone access to all of the apps in an organization.

Collaborators can be added both to apps within your personal storage as well as on any organization which you are an admin member of.

Collaborators can see the existence of an organization and its name, but cannot see any other aspects of an organization.
